well how do you there internet people
it's Bo again so I guess we have to talk
about Lakeland Florida again and why
it's important to read more than just
the headline so the headline comes out a
child who did not stand from a pledge
will most likely not be prosecuted hey
we won no no that is political spin that
is an attempt for by them to defuse the
situation the reality is he's still
going to be punished it says that most
likely he will be sent to a diversion
program so he's going to be punished for
exercising his constitutionally
protected rights you're just tuning in
what went down more or less is there's a
substitute teacher and a child in the
class does not want to stand from the
pledge he doesn't have to West Virginia
State Board of Education versus Barnette
this is established case law from the
Supreme Court the decisions been around
I don't know like 80 years I mean
something ridiculously long so she
attempts to kind of shame him or coerce
him into saying the Pledge this is when
the interference with the educational
process seems to have occurred when she
attempted to violate his rights so what
it seems like
after telling him that he can go back to
wherever he came from or something along
those lines she gets fed up and she
calls the school administrator who comes
down and tells him to leave the class
tinker versus Des Moines he cannot be
punished for protests at school as long
as it does not interfere with the
educational process him remaining seated
did not interfere with the educational
process
okay now inner law enforcement the gun
of the government the cop tells him to
leave the class backing up what the the
school is trying to do is it lawful for
him to do that that's gonna be the big
question when this you know goes to
trial and then in the lawsuit afterward
from where I'm standing it it wasn't but
hey I'm not a lawyer okay so he arrests
this kid for disrupting the school and
resisting arrest without violence I'm
not sure how either one of those charges
are gonna stick especially you know the
disruption of the school his protest
didn't
by all accounts okay and then there's
the other little matter here any
elements of offense in Florida for
resisting arrest without violence the
officer has to be lawfully detaining him
was he
okay so that's what the court case is
gonna look like basically now people
have asked me to give an update on this
before and I said I couldn't because I
was probably gonna be involved in some
activism I'm not going to the local
activists do not want to they've kind of
overruled what I what I wanted to do so
my idea was to go down there with the
national anthem on loop and show the
school board what a disruption is but I
was overruled okay so I guess they than
they have said I can say this it looks
like the current plan of activism is to
go after the campaign contributors to
basically everybody in the government
any business that contributed to any of
them they're gonna arrange boycotts and
stuff like that that appears to be the
the activist side of it the legal side
of it I do know that the the child has
counsel has retained counsel
and that that's where we're at but the
key thing we have to notice here is that
headline most likely not be prosecuted
it sounds like they're dropped in the
charges that's not what was happening
and this is what we've got to be very
careful of in today's world in many
cases the local papers are gonna say in
bed with but but they have ties to the
government officials and a lot of papers
basically they just print whatever the
press release is that isn't what
happened here but it was still framed in
a way and that headline especially was
framed in a way to seem to attempt to
defuse this situation and make it seem
as though the the law enforcement down
there has righted they're wrong that's
not what's happened it's not what has
happened it doesn't matter how you
punish the child the end of the day
punishing him for exercising his
constitutionally protected rights that's
where this chain of events started and
if you do that that flag is worthless it
means nothing it's not worth a pledge it
isn't you're confirming everything this
child believes you are making that flag
worthless
anyway it's just a fault you all have a
good night